the people i would like the three
Points
from these of the lead this away
demonstrate
I have not done that myself so long
i hope i can not i can
they help me to play
I start the three handles are whole
easy are the g by the d and e
minor
I'll show you I have one
with the g dur thus occupy the
middle finger to the e string in the third
and the index finger comes second bunch
on the a side and the little finger
comes on the side on the high
e string in the third point but games
I'll do that
so the topic makes sounds then those
further to the gate we take the
index finger and there comes in the second
point of the g string on the middle finger
comes in the second point of the page
high and the ring finger comes in
the third and the h page should then
sound like that
but continue to find a new one with e minor
me this is the easiest one here
because you place your index finger in the
second wonder page and the
middle finger on the on the side
in the second bund so here are the two
I play also times
Now I prefer to show this
It simply beats the g major
put your fingers back down so they can
fit again and we we play so
a down then smoke then
at the time stops that goes on so
you then that you just always just
then to run down and me
games then we switch to stop
be between
repelled yes I hope I had
could help you with that
needs or something then write me
just record or just facebook
I was able to do business under and
young